hey guys going everybody spun 2/3 here
bringing you another cool action figure
review today we have necklace dawn of
the Planet of the Apes series one Koba
movie figure look at this thing wow this
guy looks really just angry just because
he's inside this plastic coffin right
couple of accessories there nice box art
flip it over on the back I already got
the other two reviews up on Ceaser and
Maurice anyway let's get them off as
plastic tomb and take those periscope
out of its packaging I got to say wow
this guy looks fantastic might be my
favorite so far out of the wave so
anyway it comes with a couple
accessories you got the spear which goes
together again just like the Caesar
figure it is notched and it's supposed
to go together but I don't want to force
it because you know how fragile these
things can be so I'm going to have to
shave down this end to get it fit right
or you can just leave it apart and you
can have some like dueling weapons so
again on the end here look at our real
that looks looks just like real stone
that's kind of cool amazing detail as
usual so you have the spear and you have
a couple of replacement hands which are
actually like more clothes to hold the
spear if you will so that looks really
neat and it kind of looks like they're
battle damaged if you will a lot of wear
and tear look on there looks outstanding
very cool stuff here's an up close shot
of this guy's ugly mug look at that
looks like somebody chewed on his ear a
little bit wow this is fantastic looking
so mean and angry Wow in a detail I got
here at the paint on the chest just
outstanding look at this the back here
look at some of that battle damage going
on there a little scarred up and whatnot
holy down through here on the buttocks
the buttocks and all through the arms
here very nice detail and totally
digging this guy for sure again
underneath here I do recommend picking
up some stands for these guys because
they got very soft and loosed feet here
with ball joints so you got a couple
holes there for some stands for the
articulations got a bunch of
articulation ball join the head spin
that move that all kinds of ways here in
the shoulder you got an up and down
movement spins all the way around here
at the elbow up and down slightly handed
though because of the way it's molded
but it does spin around just like so
little ball joints and the wrists can
pop them off really
easy like throw the other fists on if
you want and then he's got an ab crunch
so he can do some sit-ups or whatnot
down here the hips and the legs here got
a standard articulation there you kick
them in and out a little bit spin them
around here at the knee that's some
standard knee articulation with a spin
all the way around there and again at
the feet here little ball joints up in
there very quick size comparison for you
here are all three from series 1 you
have Maurice Koba and then of course you
have Caesar here on the end
now Caesar and khob are about the same
size and you have Maurice who stands
about a quarter of an inch taller so and
then of course you got he-man so they
have it everybody Nikko's dawn of the
Planet of the Apes series one action
figure Koba this guy looks awesome
the amount of detail they put into this
guy is well worth having look at this
guy looks fantastic thanks for watching
everybody take care see you next time